docs: add test cases (#5474)
DimensionDev/Maskbook: docs/evm-integration.md

- [ ] Trade with the DEX on the chain.

  - Integrate a DEX for the chain.
  - Estimate gas will be showed on DEX card and sort correctly.

- [ ] Send a transaction and check if the explorer links are working.

  - Setup metadata and RPC for the chain.

>   - Transaction sent to wallet with medium gas fee setting.
>   - Required to unlock ERC-20 token before swap.
> 
> - [ ] Transfer token in Dashboard's transfer page and Mask popup wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Transaction sent to wallet with medium gas fee setting.
  - Required to unlock ERC20 token before swapping ERC20 to any other tokens.

- [ ] Transfer token on the transfer page of Dashboard and the wallet tab of the plugin popup.
```
